you have very smooth hair
you deserve a promotion
good effort!
what a fine sweater!
I appreciate all of your opinions
I like your style
your T-shirt smells fresh
I love what you've done with the place
you are like a spring flower; beautiful and vivacious
I am utterly disarmed by your wit
I really enjoy the way you pronounce the word 'ruby'
you complete me
well done!
I like your Facebook status
that looks nice on you
I like those shoes more than mine
nice motor control!
you have a good taste in websites
your mouse told me that you have very soft hands
you are full of youth
I like your jacket
I like the way you move
you have a good web-surfing stance
you should be a poster child for poster children
nice manners!
I appreciate you more than Santa appreciates chimney grease
I wish I was your mirror
I find you to be a fountain of inspiration
you have perfect bone structure
I disagree with anyone who disagrees with you
way to go!
have you been working out?
with your creative wit , I'm sure you could come up with better compliments than me
I like your socks
you are so charming
your cooking reminds me of my mother's
you're tremendous!
you deserve a compliment!
hello , good looking
your smile is breath taking
how do you get your hair to look that great?
you are quite strapping
I am grateful to be blessed by your presence
say , aren't you that famous model from TV?
take a break; you've earned it
your life is so interesting!
the sound of your voice sends tingles of joy down my back
I enjoy spending time with you
I would share my dessert with you
you can have the last bite
may I have this dance?
I would love to visit you , but I live on the Internet
I love the way you click
you're invited to my birthday party
all of your ideas are brilliant!
You're spontaneous , and I love it!
You should try out for everything
You make my data circuits skip a beat
You are the gravy to my mashed potatoes
You get an A+!
I'm jealous of the other websites you visit , because I enjoy seeing you so much!
I would enjoy a roadtrip with you
if I had to choose between you or Mr. Rogers , it would be you
I like you more than the smell of Grandma's home-made apple pies
you would look good in glasses OR contacts
let's do this again sometime
you could go longer without a shower than most people
I feel the need to impress you
I would trust you to pick out a pet fish for me
I'm glad we met
do that again!
will you sign my yearbook?
you're so smart!
we should start a band
you're cooler than ice-skating Fonzi
I made this website for you
I heard you make really good French Toast
you're cooler than Pirates and Ninjas combined
I like your pants
you're pretty groovy , dude
when I grow up , I want to be just like you
I told all my friends about how cool you are
you can play any prank , and get away with it
you have ten of the best fingers I have ever seen!
I can tell that we are gonna be friends
I just want to gobble you up!
you're sweeter than than a bucket of bon-bons!
treat yourself to another compliment!
you're pretty high on my list of people with whom I would want to be stranded on an island
you're #1 in my book!
well played
you are well groomed
you could probably lead a rebellion
is it hot in here or is it just you?
<3
you are more fun than a Japanese steakhouse
your voice is more soothing than Morgan Freeman's
I like your sleeves , they're real big
you could be drinking whole milk if you wanted to
you're so beautiful , you make me walk into things when I look at you
I support all of your decisions
you are as fun as a hot tub full of chocolate pudding
I usually don't say this on a first date , but will you marry me?
I don't speak much English , but with you all I really need to say is beautiful
being awesome is hard , but you'll manage
your skin is radiant
you will still be beautiful when you get older
you could survive a zombie apocalypse
you make me :)
I wish I could move your furniture
I think about you while I'm on the toilet
you're so rad
you're more fun than a barrel of monkeys
you're nicer than a day on the beach
your glass is the fullest
I find you very relevant
you look so perfect
the only difference between exceptional and amazing is you
last night I had the hiccups , and the only thing that comforted me to sleep was repeating your name over and over
I like your pearly whites!
your eyebrows really make your pretty eyes stand out
shall I compare thee to a summer's day?  Thou art more lovely and more temperate
I love you more than bacon!
you intrigue me
you make me think of beautiful things , like strawberries
I would share my fruit Gushers with you
you're more aesthetically pleasant to look at than that one green color on this website
even though this goes against everything I know , I think I'm in love with you
you're more fun than bubble wrap
your smile could illuminate the depths of the ocean
you make babies smile
you make the gloomy days a little less gloomy
you are warmer than a Snuggie
you make me feel like I am on top of the world
playing video games with you would be fun
let's never stop hanging out
you're more cuddly than the Downy Bear
I would do your taxes any day
you are a bucket of awesome
you are the star of my daydreams
if you really wanted to , you could probably get a bird to land on your shoulder and hang out with you
my mom always asks me why I can't be more like you
you look great in this or any other light
you listen to the coolest music
you and Chuck Norris are on equal levels
your body fat percentage is perfectly suited for your height
I am having trouble coming up with a compliment worthy enough for you
if we were playing kickball , I'd pick you first
you're cooler than ice on the rocks
you're the bee's knees
I wish I could choose your handwriting as a font
you definitely know the difference between your and you're
you have good taste
I named all my appliances after you
your mind is a maze of amazing!
don't worry about procrastinating on your studies , I know you'll do great!
I like your style!
hi , I'd like to know why you're so beautiful
if you were in a chemistry class with me , it would be 10x less boring
if you broke your arm , I would carry your books for you
I love the way your eyes crinkle at the corners when you smile
you make me want to be the person I am capable of being
you're a skilled driver
you are the rare catalyst to my volatile compound
you're a tall glass of water!
I'd like to kiss you , often
you are the wind beneath my wings
looking at you makes my foot cramps go away instantaneously
I like your face
you are a champ!
you are infatuating
even my cat likes you
there isn't a thing about you that I don't like
you're so cool , that on a scale of from 1-10 , you're elevendyseven
oh , you OWN that ponytail
your shoes are untied , but for you , it's cool
you have the best laugh ever
we would enjoy a cookout with you!
your name is fun to say
I love you more than a drunk college student loves tacos
my camera isn't worthy to take your picture
you are the sugar on my rice krispies
nice belt!
I could hang out with you for a solid year and never get tired of you
you're real happening in a far out way
I bet you could take a punch from Mike Tyson
your feet are perfect size!
you have very nice teeth
can you teach me how to be as awesome as you?
our awkward silences aren't even awkward
don't worry , you'll do great
I enjoy you more than a good sneeze , a good one
you could invent words and people would use them
you have powerful sweaters
if you were around , I would enjoy doing my taxes
you look like you like to rock
you are better than unicorns and sparkles combined!
you are the watermelon in my fruit salad , Yum!
I dig you
you look better whether the lights are on or off
I am enchanted to meet you
I bet even your farts smell good
I would trust my children with you
you make me forget what I was going to...
your smile makes me smile
I'd wake up for an 8 a.m. class just so I could sit next to you
you have the moves like Jagger
you're so hot that you denature my proteins
all I want for Christmas is you!
you are the world's greatest hugger
you have a perfectly symmetrical face
if you were in a movie you wouldn't get killed off
your red ruby lips and wiggly hips make me do flips!
I definitely wouldn't kick you out of bed
they should name an ice cream flavor after you
you're the salsa to my tortilla chips , you spice up my life!
you smell nice
you don't need make-up , make-up needs you
me without you is like a nerd without braces , a shoe with out laces , asentencewithoutspaces
just knowing someone as cool as you will read this makes me smile
I would volunteer to take your place in the Hunger Games
if I had a nickel for everytime you did something stupid , I'd be broke!
I'd let you steal the white part of my Oreo
I'd trust you to perform open heart surgery on me... blindfolded!
nice butt! - According to your toilet seat
perfume strives to smell like you
I've had the time of my life , and I owe it all to you!
the Force is strong with you
I like the way your nostrils are placed on your nose
I would hold the elevator doors open for you if they were closing
your every thought and motion contributes to the beauty of the universe
you make me want to frolic in a field