can I have the name of your hair salon? I need to know where not to go 
I forgot the world revolves around you, my bad!
you seem to be suffering from delusions of adequacy 
my days of not taking you seriously have come to a middle 
you are the human equivalent of a participation trophy 
you do a great job combing your hair, it’s impressive how you’re able to hide the horns 
you have a face for radio 
whatever kind of look you were aiming for, you missed 
if you were a spice, you’d be flour 
you may have a sparsely attended funeral 
I smell something burning, are you trying to think again?
you’re like a lighthouse in a desert: bright but not very useful 
don’t worry—the first 30 years of childhood are always the hardest 
may your life be as pleasant as you are 
you’re as useless as the “ueue” in “queue”
your biscuit’s not done in the middle 
you’re just like a Russian doll—full of yourself 
your face is just fine, it’s your personality that’s the issue 
whatever is eating you must be suffering terribly 
you’ve got all the tact of a bowling ball 
I do not have the time or the crayons to explain this to you 
you have the attention span of an ice cream in July 
I will not have a battle of wits with someone who is unarmed 
this looks like something I would draw with my left hand 
if you see the silly-kid catcher, you’d better hide!
why do you look like an envelope with no address on it?
it appears that your brain cells are not holding hands right now 
you were a slippery baby 
may the chocolate chips in your cookies always turn out to be raisins 
you have your entire life to be a knucklehead, you can take today off 
who ate your bowl of sunshine this morning, thundercloud?
you are proof that the universe has a sense of humor 
where’s your off button?
sometimes it’s better to keep your mouth shut and let people think you’re silly than open it and confirm their suspicions 
you must have gotten your brain from your other parent 
you changed your mind? Does this one work any better?
I’m surprised and pleased—but a little more surprised than pleased 
sorry, it’s hereditary 
don’t be a screen door on a submarine 
I know you are, but what am I?
it’s great to see that you don’t let your education get in the way of your ignorance 
are you doing OK today? You look like the guy in the zombie movie who’s been bitten but is trying to keep it quiet 
did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?
it’s impossible to underestimate you 
congratulations on being the top of the bell curve 
you’re as sharp as a rubber ball 
I was going to give you a nasty look, but I see you already have one 
you’re the reason tubes of toothpaste have instructions on them 
I bet your pH level is 14, basic
how do you not fall down more?
you’re as deep as a puddle in a parking lot 
I just love that you don’t care what people think 
you remind me of a slightly tilted picture frame 
stupidity is not a crime,  you’re free to go 
you really should come with a warning label 
I would describe your personality as a vibrant shade of beige 
you’re such a conversation starter  It gets underway as soon as you leave, that is 
you don’t need to fear success  You have nothing to worry about 
a sharp tongue is not necessarily an indicator of a keen mind 
is there an intermission to this drama?
right now, you are as useful as a soup sandwich 
if you ever had a thought, it would die of loneliness 
I’m not saying you’re ugly, but maybe you should start walking backwards 
I bet you take more than 15 items through the express lane 
this is why the gene pool needs a lifeguard 
you are an unessential vitamin 
you’ve never really embraced intelligence for yourself 
who’s using the family brain cell at the moment?
you have the charisma of a wet sock 
I have 90 billion nerves, and you’re on every single one of them 
you’d struggle to pour water out of a boot with instructions on the heel 
it’s just that you have bad luck when it comes to thinking 
you are not the most gullible person on earth, but you’d better hope that person doesn’t die 
guess you’re not as dumb as you look  How could you be?!
my life may be a joke, but it’s not as funny as your outfit 
your ambition outweighs your skills 
I don’t understand, but I also don’t care, so it works out nicely 
you should use glue instead of chapstick 
I may not be perfect, but at least I am not you 
your life is more about regret management than goal achievement, isn’t it?